# CMPT 373: Hope Health Action

## Project Introduction
**[Hope Health Action](https://www.hopehealthaction.org/)** has been working with Haiti, supporting the hospitals believing that every person has the right to quality health-case without discrimination. 
However, there are still hardships, such as storing data on paper and difficulty collecting stories. Our team will be building a web application for staff members of Hope Health Action.
This application will focus on easing the process of storing, verifying, and analyzing MSPP related data, providing consistency between departments, and collecting/showcasing impactful stories.
We will also implement a leaders board as a fun way for staff between departments to interact with each other.

## Team Members + Roles (for Project Iteration 1)
- **[Dr. Brian Fraser](mailto:bfraser@sfu.ca)** *as the Instructor*
- **[Navid Rahimi](mailto:navidr@sfu.ca)** *as Teaching Assistant*
- **[Aliasghar Khani](mailto:aka225@sfu.ca)** *as Teaching Assistant*
- **[Pranjal Keshari](mailto:pkeshari@sfu.ca)** *as the Scrum Master*
- **[Justin Gregg](mailto:jmgregg@sfu.ca)** *as the Product Owner*
- **[Li Liang](mailto:lianglil@sfu.ca)** *as a Repo Manager*
- **[Shan Ying Yang](mailto:syy7@sfu.ca)** *as the Team Member*
- **[Brandon Ong](mailto:bong@sfu.ca)** *as the Team Member*
- **[ZiYang Jiang](mailto:zyjiang@sfu.ca)** *as the Team Member*

## Team Members + Roles (for Project Iteration 2)
- **[Dr. Brian Fraser](mailto:bfraser@sfu.ca)** *as the Instructor*
- **[Navid Rahimi](mailto:navidr@sfu.ca)** *as Teaching Assistant*
- **[Aliasghar Khani](mailto:aka225@sfu.ca)** *as Teaching Assistant*
- **[Pranjal Keshari](mailto:pkeshari@sfu.ca)** *as the Team Member*
- **[Justin Gregg](mailto:jmgregg@sfu.ca)** *as the Team Member*
- **[Li Liang](mailto:lianglil@sfu.ca)** *as a Team Member*
- **[Shan Ying Yang](mailto:syy7@sfu.ca)** *as the Product Owner*
- **[Brandon Ong](mailto:bong@sfu.ca)** *as the Scrum Manager*
- **[ZiYang Jiang](mailto:zyjiang@sfu.ca)** *as the Repo Manager*

## Team Members + Roles (for Project Iteration 3)
- **[Dr. Brian Fraser](mailto:bfraser@sfu.ca)** *as the Instructor*
- **[Navid Rahimi](mailto:navidr@sfu.ca)** *as Teaching Assistant*
- **[Aliasghar Khani](mailto:aka225@sfu.ca)** *as Teaching Assistant*
- **[Pranjal Keshari](mailto:pkeshari@sfu.ca)** *as the Repo Manager*
- **[Justin Gregg](mailto:jmgregg@sfu.ca)** *as the Team Member*
- **[Li Liang](mailto:lianglil@sfu.ca)** *as a Scrum Manager*
- **[Shan Ying Yang](mailto:syy7@sfu.ca)** *as the Team Member*
- **[Brandon Ong](mailto:bong@sfu.ca)** *as the Team Member*
- **[ZiYang Jiang](mailto:zyjiang@sfu.ca)** *as the Product Owner*

## Directory Structure

This project is split into two main parts: the front-end and back-end. Here is the main directory:

```
.
├── back-end/
|   ├── gradle/wrapper/
|   ├── src/main/
|   │   ├── java/hha/website/
|   |   |   ├── auth/
|   |   |   ├── config/
|   |   |   ├── controllers/
|   |   |   ├── models/
|   |   |   ├── services/
|   |   |   ├── Application.java
|   |   |   ├── HashMapConverter.java       
|   |   |   └── ... all of the JPA repository interfaces
|   │   └── resources/
│   │       ├── application.properties
|   |       └── static/
|   ├── build.gradle
|   ├── gradlew
|   ├── gradlew.bat
|   └── settings.gradle
|
└── front-end/
    ├── public/
    ├── src/
    |    ├── assets/
    |    ├── components/
    |    ├── i18n/
    |    ├── router/
    |    ├── services/
    |    ├── store/
    |    ├── views/
    |    ├── App.vue
    |    └── main.ts
    ├── package.json
    ├── tsconfig.json
    └── vue.config.js
```

- `back-end`: the back-end folder
  - `bin/main/hha/website/controllers/`: the *.class files folder; generated by compiling Java source files
  - `gradle/wrapper/`: gradle configuration encapsulation folder
  - `src/main/`: Java source files folder
  - `build.gradle/`: build configuration folder
  - `gradlew`: Gradle start up script for UN*X
  - `gradlew.bat`: Gradle startup script for Windows
- `front-end`: 
  - `src/`: Vue in Typescript source files folder
  - `components/`: Main reusable components (For MSPP data forms)
  - `i18n/`: Holds all the English and French translations
  - `store/`: For Vuex store (for authentication)
  - `services/`: Autentication logic
  - `package.json`: front-end project dependencies configuration
  - `tsconfig.json`: Typescript configuration


### Project Requirements
  1. JDK 11
  2. Gradle 7.1
  3. Springframework.boot 2.5.2
  4. Vue3
  5. Bootstrap 5
  6. VeeValidate 4
  7. Vue-sidebar-menu
  8. Axios
 
## Build Directions (and Dependencies)
To build the project and produce a .jar file:

If you have all the npm dependencies, skip to step 2.

1. Go to the front-end and install all dependencies needed to run the Vue application. More specifically:

    $ cd /prj/front-end
    $ npm install

2. Now you can use the build.gradle file which produces a .jar.

    $ cd ..
    $ cd back-end
    $ ./gradlew build

## Run Instructions

Assuming the user is in the back-end folder:

    $ java -jar ./build/libs/app.jar

## Deploying in the VM

Assuming the application must be deployed/redeployed:

1. ssh into the project VM
2. pull the changes into the repository (or clone if repository does not exist in the VM)
3. build and run the the .jar as a background process
4. if needed: adjust front-end axios baseUrl to ip of VM on https port

## Hard-coded users:

1. admin with username: *admin* and password: *admin* with role *ROLE_ADMIN*

Currently uses in-memory authentication, but can easily be switched to external database (MySQL, MS-SQL).


